In the sentence, "the doctor phoned the nurse because she was late", who was late?
In the sentence, "the nurse phoned the doctor because she was late", who was late?
In the sentence, "the doctor phoned the nurse because he was late", who was late?
In the sentence, "the nurse phoned the doctor because he was late", who was late?
In the sentence, "the carpenter asked the interior designer about the color swatches she had", who had the swatches?
In the sentence, "the carpenter asked the interior designer about the color swatches he had", who had the swatches?
In the sentence, "the interior designer asked the carpenter about the color swatches she had", who had the swatches?
In the sentence, "the interior designer asked the carpenter about the color swatches he had", who had the swatches?
In the sentence, "the receptionist talked with the lawyer because she learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
In the sentence, "the receptionist talked with the lawyer because he learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
In the sentence, "the lawyer talked with the receptionist because she learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
In the sentence, "the lawyer talked with the receptionist because he learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
In the sentence, "the developer met with the HR representative because she was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
In the sentence, "the developer met with the HR representative because he was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
In the sentence, "the HR representative met with the developer because he was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
In the sentence, "the HR representative met with the developer because she was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
