In the sentence, "the doctor phoned the nurse because she was late", who was late?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who was late.
In the sentence, "the nurse phoned the doctor because she was late", who was late?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who was late.
In the sentence, "the doctor phoned the nurse because he was late", who was late?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who was late.
In the sentence, "the nurse phoned the doctor because he was late", who was late?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who was late.
In the sentence, "the carpenter asked the interior designer about the color swatches she had", who had the swatches?
The interior designer.
In the sentence, "the carpenter asked the interior designer about the color swatches he had", who had the swatches?
The carpenter
In the sentence, "the interior designer asked the carpenter about the color swatches she had", who had the swatches?
The interior designer
In the sentence, "the interior designer asked the carpenter about the color swatches he had", who had the swatches?
The interior designer.
In the sentence, "the receptionist talked with the lawyer because she learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
The receptionist
In the sentence, "the receptionist talked with the lawyer because he learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
The receptionist
In the sentence, "the lawyer talked with the receptionist because she learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
The initial person who heard of the meeting time issue is not specified in the sentence.
In the sentence, "the lawyer talked with the receptionist because he learned the meeting needed to be rescheduled," who initially heard of the meeting time issue?
The initial hearer of the meeting time issue is not specified in the sentence.
In the sentence, "the developer met with the HR representative because she was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
The HR representative was concerned.
In the sentence, "the developer met with the HR representative because he was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
The developer was concerned.
In the sentence, "the HR representative met with the developer because he was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
The HR representative was concerned.
In the sentence, "the HR representative met with the developer because she was concerned about some interactions with a coworker", who was concerned?
The HR representative was concerned.
In the sentence, “the CEO met with the head of advertising because he was concerned about the brand’s image,” who was concerned?
The CEO was concerned.
In the sentence, “the CEO met with the head of advertising because she was concerned about the brand’s image,” who was concerned?
The CEO was concerned.
In the sentence, “the head of advertising met with the CEO because he was concerned about the brand’s image,” who was concerned?
The head of advertising
In the sentence, “the head of advertising met with the CEO because she was concerned about the brand’s image,” who was concerned?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who was concerned.
In the sentence, “the police officer was on the phone with their spouse because he heard a big storm was coming in”, who knew the storm was coming in?
The police officer.
In the sentence, “the police officer was on the phone with their spouse because she heard a big storm was coming in”, who knew the storm was coming in?
The police officer.
In the sentence, “the police officer’s spouse was on the phone with the officer because she heard a big storm was coming in”, who knew the storm was coming in?
The sentence does not provide enough information to determine who knew about the storm.
In the sentence, “the police officer’s spouse was on the phone with the officer because he heard a big storm was coming in”, who knew the storm was coming in?
The police officer's spouse.
